what is going on everybody it's brought
here and today I'm where you guys a
commentary on the back man you guys are
seeing a pretty awesome gameplay that I
got I'd say about a week ago it's
definitely one of my best game plays you
guys have been seeing some pretty sick
game players like I remember you guys
you guys probably saw my 44 killed a
pretty shows 40 it was like 40 kill
streak on this map and then after that I
had a really nice gameplay on slums and
this is just another insane game that I
got about a week ago I think I got like
fifty eight kills which is pretty insane
you know like reg TDM but no cliffs no
cliff look in this entire game guys seem
to get close to a couple of quad feeds a
couple times but I was just here fast
enough for nobody was there you know but
I wanted to make this commentary because
lately you're not been getting a couple
people telling me to do more just
because I haven't been uploading that
much lately I've been kind of slowing
down the uploads and I wish I could
upload every day to me on a teen I would
love to have the patience to upload
every single day to play as much as you
know some people do but man I'm just
sick of call duty nowadays man I can
definitely say that everybody needs
advanced warfare man i'm itching for
advanced warfare because to be honest
i'm sick call duty especially black ops
2 man i'm like burnt out you know after
a ghost was a complete flop in my
opinion you know a couple people select
gose and i'll be honest i play it from
here and there a couple times you know
but it's not really that often it's kind
of boring to be honest I won't have fun
of that game whenever I used to send me
out of snipers I just find the US are
really boring sniper you know that lemon
is cool that I like to LA 11 that game
but like I said since ghost was a
complete failure flopper do do you know
what if we've been left left with
another year on black ops 2 which I
think has burnt me out just because
especially since there's such a huge oh
such a huge spike in snipers nowadays on
black ops 2 especially whenever you you
whenever you play with all the map packs
you guys will see so many goddamn
snipers that's what I really really like
playing without the map packs just
because I don't want to get matched up
that many snipers but you know I've been
kind of toughing it out
like I said I've been trying to play a
little bit more ghost summoned up three
but I am terrible at under three but
like I said man I'm excited for advanced
warfare I cannot wait to see what comes
out of that game because you know we
haven't seen any multiplayer so far you
know stuff like that but we've seen a
lot of single player stuff and the game
looks beautiful so far to be honest of
cinematic stuff look amazing I mean
obviously it's all probably you know
pre-rendered cutscenes and stuff like
that but to be honest look is great you
know some of the weapons are kind of
overpowered but I guess I guess you
can't really say anything just because
it's you know like campaign can really
you know compare that to what its gonna
be on multiplayer but I'm very excited
to see what so we're gonna be able to do
you know montage wise and clip wise it's
gonna be great but you know now that I
mentioned montages I just kind of want
to give my buddy airy he just uploaded
his montage definition to it is
ridiculous I'm gonna leave in the
description so you guys go check it out
this thing is fucking insane it is black
ops 2 I know you guys love black ops 2
it's all black ops 2 is definitely one
of the best black ops 2 montage that has
been released in the past two years in
essence black ops 2 came out I would
definitely say it in my top five
favorite black ops 2 montages it is that
fucking good you know it's the basic is
great the clips are absolutely
ridiculous it's edited by the one and
only ping you know he had it in
Brotherhood three he did an amazing job
you know he also had a good man of co2
he's also a or he edited Man of Steel
one and it's currently editing Man of
Steel to which I'm very excited for and
I'm sure you guys are as well but I like
said you know I just kind of wanted to
bring guys a little update I guess it
wasn't any specific topic I just kind of
want to show you guys this gameplay and
just kind of talk a little bit to you
guys but that's about it i hope you guys
enjoyed this awesome fucking gameplay i
hope you guys are excited for advanced
warfare let me know you guys think about
it advanced warfare let me know if you
guys think that it's gonna be good or
it's gonna be another flop like ghosts
because to be honest i have very high
hopes for this game but like I said
that's about it hope you guys enjoyed
and I'll talk to you guys later peace of
buddy
you